state_object: Context: keywords with backticks (#31496)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/configuration/state_object.markdown

Context is used to tie {% term events %} and {% term states %} together in Home Assistant. Whenever an {% term automation %} or user interaction causes states to change, a new context is assigned. This context will be attached to all events and states that happen as result of the change.

| Field        | Description                                                         |
| ------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `context_id` | Unique identifier for the context.                                  |

> | `user_id`    | Unique identifier of the user that started the change. Will be `None` if action was not started by a user (ie. started by an automation)               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `user_id`    | Unique identifier of the user that started the change. Will be `None` if the action was not started by a user (for example, started by an automation).  |
```
